Add Blackbox Exporter for use with SLOs (#3)
appuio/component-openshift4-slos: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `prometheus-blackbox-exporter`

The name of the Blackbox exporter deployment.

=== `blackbox_exporter.namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `${openshift4_slos:namespace}`

The namespace of the Blackbox exporter deployment.

=== `blackbox_exporter.deployment.resources`

[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default:: see https://github.com/appuio/component-openshift4-slos/blob/master/class/defaults.yml[class/defaults.yml]

The resources to use for the Blackbox exporter deployment.

=== `blackbox_exporter.config`

[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default:: see https://github.com/appuio/component-openshift4-slos/blob/master/class/defaults.yml[class/defaults.yml]

The blackbox exporter configuration. See https://github.com/prometheus/blackbox_exporter#configuration[Configuration] for more information.

=== `blackbox_exporter.probes`

[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default:: `{}`
example::
+
[source,yaml]
----
probes:
  http-appuio-ch:
    spec:
      jobName: get-http-appuio-ch
      interval: 15s
      module: http_2xx
      targets:
        staticConfig:
          static:
            - https://www.appuio.ch/
----

> The https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/rest_api/monitoring_apis/probe-monitoring-coreos-com-v1.html[Probe] definition that are passed to Sloth.

Reviewer: Typo? Shouldn't this be

```suggestion
The https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.10/rest_api/monitoring_apis/probe-monitoring-coreos-com-v1.html[Probe] definitions that are deployed in the cluster and picked up by the blackbox exporter managed by the component.
```
